What responsibilities does Edith give
Christopher before she leaves?
Why do you think Christopher agrees to
his mother's instructions, even though he
enjoys freedom and playing outside?
What would you do if you were left in
charge of your siblings for a day?
Would you follow the instructions, or
would you take a risk?
Why do you think Christopher's friends
are encouraging him to leave the house?
How does Samuel react to Christopher's
decision to go to the beach?
What would you do if your friends
pressured you to go somewhere against
your parents' wishes?
Would you be able to say no?
Why do Christopher's friends think he's
faking his distress in the water?
Why do the friends choose not to help
Christopher and instead run away?
What would you do if you were in
Christopher's position, struggling in the
water with friends who didn't take you seriously?
How would you feel about those friends afterward?
What emotions does Edith experience when
she finds out that Christopher has left
the house?
Why do you think the other children's
parents deny knowing where
Christopher
went
?
How does the neighbor's information
change Edith's response?
What might she be feeling when she learns
Christopher went to the beach?
What emotions do you think Edith
experiences during her search for
Christopher at the beach?
What would you do if a family member went missing
?
What steps would you take, and whom would
you reach out to for help?
Do you think Edith might have done
something differently to prevent
Christopher's disappearance?
Why or why not?
How does Christopher survive his ordeal,
and who helps him?
Why do you think Christopher doesn't
remember what happened during his time in
the jungle?
What would you do if you were Christopher
and were found by strangers after being
lost for days?
How does Christopher change after his experience?
Why do you think he becomes more responsible?
How might this experience affect how
Christopher interacts with his friends in
the future?
What would you do if you were reminded of
a past mistake every time you saw a
specific place?
Would it change your behavior or decisions?
Or maybe you could hear what would he do?
What's change here in the meantime?
What would he do if he to say?
Dan's.